Now it is time for us to talk about abstraction.
The reason why I left abstraction is the last concept to talk about is because it is a more of a generic
term.
Unlike the rest of the concepts mentioned before for example inheritance is something you can do by
using a colon symbol.
So you see the cause and effect dynamic polymorphism also happens when you derive subclasses from the
same base class and perform method overwriting by using the reserved keyword overwrite.
In order to give it a different behavior.
You've already seen this happen static polymorphism.
You have more than one method with the same signature except different parameters.
So that's also as a concrete way of being implemented.
And lastly encapsulation is performed to axis specifies so as you can see all of the concepts we have
went over so far have a concrete way of being implemented.
However abstraction as mentioned is more of a generic term.
And here is what I mean.
First of all abstraction is a process of hiding irrelevant information in order to only show what is
relevant to the end user by decreasing complexity.
You achieve abstraction through encapsulation.
This might sound confusing.
So in the next video I will show you on our salesman abstract class that act as a base class how we
have already performed abstraction through encapsulation.